# MAO Runner Prototype

Prototype runner for MAO-MAO framework. The operating principle is to include
in every MAO-MAO tool:
- An install script
- A script that runs the tool with no interactive input besides command-line arguments
- A `mao.yaml` file with their paths and what arguments they need

With these constraints we can install and execute the program from the
MAO Runner.

## Restrictions

- The tool must be registered to etcd with the same name as its name parameter in the template.

## The MAO v0.1 specification
Example:

```
Name: 'Hello'
Description: 'Sample project to demonstrate the mao execution format.'
Datadir: 'hello_world'
Datarepo: 'https://github.com/EcePanos/hello-world-data'
Installer:
   Command: 'bash'
   Script: 'install.sh'
Commands:
  - Name: 'Run'
    Description: 'Run the program'
    Command: 'bash'
    Script: 'run.sh'
    Arguments:
       - Name: 'Message'
         Description: 'Message to be printed'
```
- **Name**: The name of the tool. Must be same as the name registered to etcd.
- **Description**: Will be displayed during installation and when the user needs to select which tool to use.
- **Datadir**: The internal directory where the tool stores data it generates.
- **Datarepo**: The remote repository where data generated by this tool is pushed. Make sure data generation by your tool adds files instead of replacing them.
- **Installer**: The script used to install the tool. List command and script separately for input validation and to ensure it will work regardless of folder structure.
- **Commands**: List and describe the various commands the user can invoke to use the tool. In principal a command will run a script with the specified program and command line arguments. Because in a future update the tools will be executed on a schedule or event-driven, it is recommended to ensure they need no interactive input besides their arguments.
