# MAO Runner Prototype

Prototype experiment runner for MAO-MAO framework. The operating principle is to include
in every MAO-MAO tool:
- A non-interactive install script
- A script that runs the tool with no interactive input besides command-line arguments
- A `mao.yaml` file with their paths and what arguments they need

With these constraints we can install and execute the program from the
MAO Runner.

## Restrictions

- The tool must be registered to etcd with the same name as its name parameter in the template.

## The MAO v0.2 specification
Example:

```
Name: 'Hello'
Description: 'Sample project to demonstrate the mao execution format.'
Data:
  Local: 'dir_data'
  Repo:
    Name: 'some-static-data'
    Remote: 'some_URL'
Installer:
   Command: 'bash'
   Script: 'install.sh'
Commands:
  - Name: 'Run'
    Description: 'Run the program'
    Command: 'bash'
    Script: 'run.sh'
    Arguments:
       - Name: 'Message'
         Description: 'Message to be printed'
```
- **Name**: The name of the tool. Must be same as the name registered to etcd.
- **Data.Local**: The internal directory where the tool stores data it generates.
- **Data.Repo**: The remote repository where data generated by this tool is pushed. Make sure data generation by your tool adds files instead of replacing them.
- **Installer**: The script used to install the tool. List command and script separately for input validation and to ensure it will work regardless of folder structure.
- **Commands**: List and describe the various commands the user can invoke to use the tool. In principal a command will run a script with the specified program and command line arguments. Because in a future update the tools will be executed on a schedule or event-driven, it is recommended to ensure they need no interactive input besides their arguments.
